# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

**console.rb**

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

**models/property.rb - save()**

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

**propertyx.save() AND propertyx.delete**

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

**The database does it**

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

**models/property.rb - save()**

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

**In case the object has no id assigned**

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

**Class methods are used when the method is applied to the OBJECTS as opposed to an individual object**

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

**An array of hashes.**
**Use RETURNING to access the id**

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

**Prevent SQL Injection**

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

**id and address**

Q11. What are their return values?

**Data is returned as an array of hashes from which an object is instantiated**
